this weekend I have the opportunity to
check out the herp hobby shop and
Oldsmar Florida so this is my story and
the research I did about spiders now we
all deal with spiders every single day
and this little eight-legged creature is
upside down trying to think I won't
notice him on this white floor well
there he goes
funny thing is he kept chasing my camera
around I'm not sure why but he did not
like my camera but more about him in a
moment now did you know that in Thailand
and Cambodia deep-fried spiders are a
bit of a delicacy so my question to you
is would you try one of these delicious
morsels I personally might try a leg but
I think the entire thing might ruin my
appetite for laker so I'm gonna hold off
maybe just try a little bit what about
you now the owner of the hobby shop he
was really cool so check out his
location next he showed me a cobalt
spider which is a type of tarantula
let's check it out now he may not look
like much here but I assure you he's
wiry and the owner described this cobalt
spider as aggressive and fast my wife
was so afraid from that she went and hid
in the other side of the store by the
pythons I don't quite understand her
logic there they're called cobalt
spiders because of their cobalt blue
color and if you didn't know that you
probably don't need to be using sharp
grams but seriously who decided to eat
these things I mean come on now that
looks attractive how about a Hershey bar
so do you have a cool spider story that
you want to show up whoa yeah
do you have a Sindhi Evis do you have a
spider story you want to share with us
leave a comment below and also leave
comments with what you'd like to hear us
talk about next
do you want to know what this Lowry Park
Zubair is doing to himself gotcha
or maybe you want to see this little
chameleon take his first steps ever
leave us a comment below and let us know
what you want to see alright thanks for
subscribing keep those comments coming
and goodbye thanks for watching make
sure you subscribe to world's greatest
animal